Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- Carol? Carol?
- Michael?
What the hell are you doing here?
You thought I was gonna let you
do this on your own. did you?
Did you? Is that what you thought?
Go get the bags.
Hold on. have you spoken to Keenan?
Look. forget about Keenan.
It's just us now. love.
- It's just us.
- Do you mean it?
It's just us now. love.
- It's just us.
- Do you mean it?
Of course I mean it.
I mean it.
Watch yourself.
- You all right?
- Yeah. I'm fine.
Watch yourself.
- You all right?
- Yeah. I'm fine.
Christ.
You've got great timing
You're the one that's early!
- My love.
- What the fuck is that?
Don't worry.
I'll get rid of it down south.
Oh. yeah. Like that'll be of use
in the hospital
Weapon sighted.
Bandit's
heading south.
Christ! Has this
thing got square wheels or what?
Don't fly anywhere. love.
Just you hold onto the wee fella.
I don't want him bouncing out!
Oh. it's good to see you.
You know I didn't wanna do this
without you.
What? What is it?
Shit.
You can lose them in the woods.
Carol. I'm not leaving you.
- Just go. Just go. please!
- I'm not
leaving you with them fuckers.
I know. Michael. but if you stay.
we don't stand a chance. OK?
They're not after me.
Go on. please. Michael!
Go!
Go! Go! Go!
British Army!
O'Hara. do not move!
Major fucking propaganda victory for
the Republicans. Tempest.
What the hell happened?
Intel reported a weapon in the car.
Sir. SIB'S at the gate.
- Shall I let them in?
- No.
Sir. SIB'S at the gate.
- Shall I let them in?
- No.
You don't expect us to believe that?
- The Bandit had six kills.
- Seven.
- Sir?
- Ryan didn't make it.
But your bandit did.
Fuck knows where he is.
Go on.
British Army! O'Hara. do not move!
We were tipped off about his
location but
when we moved in.
we found the vehicle abandoned.
I thought I was facing
an imminent threat. sir.
You thought
you were going to be shot?
That was my reading of the
situation. I was about to be shot.
By a pregnant woman in labour?
Sir. SIB are-Fuck off!
Well. that's that. then.
Glad we sorted that out.
This shitshow doesn't end
with us hoicking Snowy here
out in a chopper.
We don't have that authority.
No you don't but I do.
Tempest. would you wait outside?
Can I have the room?
- This room?
- Get out.
Soldiers are here
in support of the civil power.
They have no legal authority beyond
that of an ordinary civilian.
Any actions they take
must be in accordance with
the laws of the United Kingdom
and are. in fact.
punishable by those laws.
I'm aware of the yellow card. sir.
Good...
...because YOU are about to be
prosecuted for murder.
There are... two ways out of this.
One. we open that door.
We let SIB in to rip you apart.
Your commanding officers.
they'll try and protect you
but you'll cease to be a soldier.
You'll spend the next three years
sharpening pencils
for a bunch of lawyers and
THEN you'll probably go to prison.
OR...
...you come and work for me.
I'm putting together a detachment.
I could use a dead shot like you.
And what about all this?
I'll make it go away.
You make it sound easy. sir.
I assure you
it'll be anything but easy...
But you'll continue to serve your
country and do what you do best.
Where do I report. sir?
It's not really...
that sort of thing.
Do you have somewhere you can stay
off grid?
Somewhere that isn't the barracks?
I do.
Good.
Good. I'll see you in London.
CAROL'S VOICE:
Michael. I'm right here. darling.
I'm right here. Look.
It's OK. Michael.
Look. you had to go.
'Shops and offices were closed
as hundreds of people
lined the route of the funeral.
In the Church of the Sacred Heart.
the circumstances of
Carol's shooting were referred to
by Father Joe McVeigh as a day of
tragedy that had touched everyone-'
We're so sorry for your loss.
Look... I'm not a doctor. I'm a vet.
Cats and dogs. You'll need someone
to check those wounds for you.
- Thank you.
- Michael?
There is another way. you know?
There was.
Not any more.
Orla McShawn. Colm McNeish.
What the hell are you playing at
turning up here like this?
I thought you were dead.
I have business
with the man that killed Carol.
Brits flew him to London.
I need you to get me there.
I'm sorry but you wanted out. Michael.
- I'll do whatever it takes.
- You're
not gonna like what it takes.
- I'll do whatever it takes.
- You're
not gonna like what it takes.
But I could use a man
they think is dead.
I'm taking Twomey.
Peadar Twomey's got problems.
Not with me he hasn't.
If we're to do this...
there'll be no more talk of getting
out until I say so. understood?
I need you to SAY it.
Understood.
And. Michael?
I'm gonna need that ring.
Just give me
the name of that soldier.
Sheila went back with her mother.
Didn't like it...
stuck all the way out here.
Still...
I have the dog. I suppose.
Best dog I've ever had.
I heard about Carol.
Fucking bastards.
I'm heading over the water.
I want you to come.
Keenan's putting us with a unit.
I can't.
The dog would miss me too much.
You know. he'd be lost without me.
I'm going after the soldier
that killed Carol.
I need your help.
The papers are coming tonight.
We leave tomorrow.
♪ SUGAR MINOTT: Oh Mr. D.C
♪ Time so rough
♪ And time so tough
♪ Coming from the country
♪ With my bag of collie
♪ I walk up on a DC
♪ Him want fe hold me
♪ Don't you run now. youthman
♪ You won't get away
♪ If you slip you will die... ♪
Ey. soldier boy! How are you doing?
Everything good?
- Looking good.
- All right. Nice one.
- Cheers.
- All right. man.
- Looking good.
- All right. Nice one.
- Cheers.
- All right. man.
♪ MELLOW CHANTS:
Share With Your Friends
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh
♪ Share with your friends
♪ Share with your friends... ♪
You staying at the barracks tonight?
I was hoping to stay with you.
Oh. were you?
I thought
you were just walking me home.
Listen. I'm sorry about before.
you know. the way we left things.
Forget about it.
Is something wrong?
What's happened?
I need you.
I don't wanna lose you. Ruth.
How are you gonna lose me?
I'm standing right here.
♪ RORY GALLAGHER:
Can't Believe It's True
♪ Can't believe it's true
♪ I can't believe it's true
♪ Baby. where are you?
♪ In the night I-
♪ That's just trouble following me
about... Hi. Can I get some change?
♪ That is one thing I can do... ♪
'Henry Tempest.'
I have an address.
Stay on 'em. will you? See if you
can find out what they're up to.
'Will do.'
When are you coming over?
'Well. there's...
there's been a change of plan.'
Are you still there?
I just wanna see you.
'And you will. my sweet.'
'I promise you will.'
For now... I'm going to be sending
someone else. OK?
Morning. Fiadh.
I'm afraid I have some bad news.
Your son is dead.
Michael died as a result of injuries
he sustained
in the ambush with Carol.
We'll take care
of all the arrangements.
I'm afraid it won't be
possible to see the body.
The organisation sends you
its deepest sympathy.
15 he was.
when you took him from me.
He should be here now doing this
while I fix the tea.
We've been selling milk
for nearly 80 years
north of the border.
south of the border.
When you and your lot finish your
games of lying and killing.
these cows will still be here.
And people will still drink milk.
You ever set foot on my land again...
I'll shoot you dead. so help me God.
You got another boyfriend or
- something?
- Uh-uh.
One sec!
Good morning.
- Is Tempest here?
- Erm...
Would you mind fetching him for me. please?
Who the hell is this guy?
Army stuff.
How did he know you're here?
I told him.
What?
I told him that if... if I wasn't
here. you know where to find me.
I'm sorry.
Sir?
Make yourself at home
Sir. this is... Ruth.
Yes. We just met.
Right. Shall we go?
I'll explain later.
Damn right you will.
I hope...
I hope I wasn't interrupting.
You weren't. sir.
Call me Holland.
What's the situation. sir?
There's no situation.
We're just going for a look-see.
Do you know...
I've never been to Kentish Town.
Two teas. please. love.
Biggest mugs you've got.
Tempest. Lance Corporal Cole.
Beginning to think you were gonna
miss the party.
- How many?
- Not sure.
And where are they?
Number 34. just over the way.
Third floor. First flat on the left.
Watching television.
What do you think. boys?
Time to ask a few questions?
Have you got any idea who they are?
Hard to see the rank under the civvies.
I was hoping you'd tell me.
Didn't even have time to pack a bag.
Quick as you can. they said.
More like. hurry up and wait.
Gas man.
This is a job
for the fucking police.
Cole.
# Camberwick Green Theme Music
'This is Captain Snort
of Pippin Fort.'
'He's come to give his order
for the week.'
Four dozen loaves of bread.
that's 48. two dozen currant buns.
...that's 24. a dozen...'
'Very good. sir. I can get your
orders delivered today.'
Grenade!
Can I see your passport. please. sir?
- Where do you live?
- Belfast.
And what's the purpose
of your visit?
I'm looking up an old friend.
- Another Mick?
- English.
I'm looking up an old friend.
- Another Mick?
- English.
And why have you come over
to see him?
He doesn't have long to live.
...through the wrong bloody door!
Tempest. Excellent work.
Do you fancy some tea?
I don't want any tea.
I want someone to tell me
what the fuck is going on. sir.
McGill and Miller.
They were Belfast. The IRA.
And they've been giving London
a taste of the Troubles
since the spring.
A bomb a week. random targets.
Department stores.
restaurants. nightclubs.
And he was shot on his own doorstep
assassinated in broad daylight
in the United Kingdom.
The country's not seen bloodshed
on this scale since the war.
Number 10's had enough.
They wanna fight back...
on their terms. Dirty.
Like the filthy animals they are.
And given that our boys
aren't exactly equipped...
for this kind of business...
We brought you in.
Any more questions?
Did you just call us animals. sir?
You are animals...
...but you're MY animals.
Which reminds me...
your bandit finally showed up.
Buried yesterday.
Full military honours.
On behalf of the good guys...
Cheers.
The lads are expecting you.
Stay away from the Irish community.
Avoid the pubs and clubs
Irish people go to.
They'll be under surveillance.
The only person we talk to. apart
from other members of the ASU.
is the courier.
- You must be McGill.
- McGill's dead.
Who the fuck are you?
You first.
Quinn. engineer.
What about you. big man?
Liam Hogan. QM.
Who the fuck are you?
I'm Joe Lynch.
I'm the driver and I make the tea.
They're stopping people
in the street.
They'll pat you down as soon
as they hear your accent.
They'd do a better job than you
then. would they?
Hey!
Go on. then. I'm listening.
I'm working with the police.
What? The police? Henry.
Not exactly WITH but...
..it's complicated.
And that guy from this morning.
he's got a bloody nose too?
No. I didn't think so.
You know. my dad used to work for
a man like him.
Superintendent.
Promised him a better life if he
went to fight for king and country
but... when my dad came home.
he got nothing.
Just a job
cleaning shit out of toilets.
There's no king or
country for you. Henry.
You're just a black man
in a white man's world.
No-one's looking out for you.
The old man sends his regards.
I came here for a name.
I know why you're here
but that was before Kentish Town.
First you have to deliver a box.
A station. You choose.
That's a big fucking box. It's
gonna take time. I can't be waiting.
We both know
that isn't how it works.
All right.
I'll do it
but you gotta give me that name.
To be clear.
personal agendas have no place here.
Please just give me the name.
Wait! Henry?
Hiya.
Oh. I'm sorry. I'm not really open.
It's a bit of an emergency. Erm...
I'm looking for something for my wife.
Er... What are you after?
- A dress.
- Do you know what size?
No.
All right. is she bigger or smaller
than me. then?
Erm... she's a little bit smaller
than you.
What colour's her hair?
Red.
And her eyes?
Blue.
Lucky girl.
She sounds beautiful.
- She was.
- Where is it?
Here it is.
He's in a beige mac.
I swear I saw a gun.
Right. you look that way
and then search this end. yeah?
There you are. I love that bag.
This way.
What's the matter with you?
She's not even a legitimate target.
The path to freedom has rules.
There is a code. You break those
and the objective fails.
The path to freedom?
You really are one of Keenan's
little soldiers. aren't you?
I was top of the class too once.
Except back then. people didn't
talk like a fucking Brit.
You have no idea
what you're dealing with.
The man you want is working
for the police hunting your unit.
Right now. my odds are on him.
Have you ever been in love?
Have you?
I need to kill him.
Then do your job.
Deliver the box.
And he'll come running.
Look at the clip of this. I never
signed up to nanny the police.
Yep.
What? Hm?
I think his nose was thinner...
Good girl.
- Henry.
- What are you doing here?
It's... crazy.
They were chasing this guy
in the market. he had a gun.
They think
he's one of these Irish guys.
You saw him?
Well. he was in my stall.
He was buying a dress for his wife.
What?
- Hey. Henry. what's wrong?
- Just get
home. Cole. take her home.
O'Hara's alive. He went after Ruth.
It's him.
He's here and he's come for me.
What's the deadline for the evening
- edition?
- Midnight.
Right. Let's flush him out.
When did you last turn the jelly?
It looks like it's ready to weep.
No. they're grand.
You should be worrying about the detonators.
We lost them in Kentish Town.
Turn the jelly
and pack it in sawdust.
...before we get there.
We're hitting Paddington.
Twomey. we need to talk.
Like the station?
No. the fucking bear
He'll be in a blue Rover
coming down Praed Street.
You'll need to be somewhere high.
And we'll need a car. a fast one.
Once I make that call.
we'll have to move quick.
'We're on. He's gonna do it.'
I don't know
what I'd do without you. kitty cat.
Tell him not to call it in.
I want it to be a surprise.
A surprise?'Yeah.'
It's time to scale up.
Too many people
are getting caught up in this.
Just keep it clean.
Make the call.
Give 'em time to get out.
I'm only interested
in killing one man.
Are you out of your mind?
You compromise the whole operation
chasing after some fucking para!
Then you come right back here!
If they knew where we were.
they'd be here already.
He's going to get us all killed.
- Are you all set?
- I've got my spot.
What about the cars?
I got a Cortina.
The kid's a good thief.
All right then.
- Move today.
- I think you're
forgetting something.
We've no fucking detonators.
We do now.
Hey.
No shrapnel.
This is how I always do it.
Not today. We're hitting the
building not the people.
What about long range
for Twomey?
Take the Winchester 308.
She needs a steady hand. that baby.
I know what you're saying.
I'm steady as a fucking rock.
- Is this gonna work?
- I don't know.
We should be out there.
Instead we're in here
relying on curtain twitchers.
Here's another one now.
Hello?
Yes. madam.
Can you describe this man for me. please?
You know what you're looking for?
Uh-huh.
And if I have him clean?
Just light him up and pin him down.
I'll do the rest.
♪ MAX DE WARDENER: Free Radicals
Give them 30 minutes
to clear the building.
- 30?
- That's generous.
That's the order.
- Are you there?
- In position.
'Metropolitan Police.'
This is the Irish Republican Army.
Don't speak. Just listen.
Silence!
'There's a bomb
in Paddington Station.
It's not our intention
to hurt anybody.
You've 30 minutes to clear the area.
This is not a hoax.'
Come on. people. let's go!
- Wind your window down.
- Don't speak.
Don't open your mouth.
He's a Mick. Check his details.
If he doesn't wind it down.
drag him out.
Stay calm. Stay calm. Take it easy.
Stay calm. All right?
'All units. 10-79. Bomb threat
reported. Paddington Station.'
Get out the car!
No!
Quinn! No!
Jesus Christ! You fucking idiot-
Six minutes. that was.
So much for clearing the area.
Come on!
'Michael? Michael?
I have him. Michael.'
'Come on. Get on and do it.'
Shit. Are you hit?
Get out of the way!
I'm alright.
- You alright?
- I'm alright.
A pint and a whisky chaser.
Did you hear what I just said?
No Irish.
Do you want me to come round there
and fix my own?
'Reports of sniper fire
on Praed Street
and further gun violence in the
streets to the west of the station.'
'Police have confirmed that two
terrorists have been arrested
following a high-speed car chase
but a third. Michael O'Hara.
is still at large and considered
highly dangerous.'
- No.
- Just let me help you.
No. no. Stop speaking!
Just-
No. Stop. Stop talking.
Please. just go to your mother's.
OK? You'll be safe there.
You know what? You lied to me.
You came back
like everything was fine.
Like we were just making a go of it.
When all of this madness
is because of you.
Do you think I'm happy
that this happened?
It was a mistake.
I was doing my job.
Ruth. we're back on.
It was a mistake.
You killed a pregnant woman.
Please. just come with me.
He's still out there.
No. no. I'm not going anywhere.
This is my home.
- This is my life.
- It's not for long.
It's just until I-Until what?
♪ Babylon system...
Until I kill him.
Jesus. Henry.
Don't!
You've made a target out of me. Henry.
If you wanna keep me safe. then
stay the hell away from me.
♪ The Babylon system...
♪ The Babylon system... ♪
Fresh tea downstairs. boys.
What are you- What are you doing?
Where's O'Hara?
-  fucked it up.
- Sh-sh-sh.
I did everything you said.
I said...
I said to give them 30 minutes.
- Sh! Keep your voice down.
- Quinn set
the fucking timer.
Ah.
I'm sorry... We fucked it.
Hello. Michael. You did well today.
Bloodshed like that's
hardly cause for celebration.
Sit down.
I'm gonna need you
to do one more job for us.
I need you
to cut the head off a snake.
He's behind the torture
of the hooded men during internment.
And he's running your soldier.
I don't fucking care.
There's blood after blood.
I'm done with it.
I've no family. I've no love.
I have nothing.
Are you sure about that?
Who'll be there to milk the cows.
Michael?
You wouldn't fucking dare.
You have no idea what I would dare.
How do you think the Brits found you
in the first place?
Don't fucking come at me. boy!
You think I was just gonna let you
walk free?
The path of freedom isn't paved
with letting people go.
That's enough!
Did I teach you nothing?
He's got it!
Don't you EVER...
...ever tell me enough.
I know what you did
to get him to make the call.
I make the calls.
is that understood?
There's no special treatment.
You're no different to anyone.
Take care of this. Michael.
and I'll put that soldier's head
on a spike.
I'll see you again. Michael.
At least you know now who you're
sleeping with.
He's my dad.
What?
My mum was English.
They met over here.
He was a student.
I'm his guilty secret.
Jesus.
He joked that if I couldn't be in Ireland...
...he'd bring Ireland to me.
I've spent all this time
mistaking his hate for love.
I can't do it any more.
I'm getting out.
You sound like you've got a choice.
People like us.
we don't get choices.
There's a boat...
- ...leaving for Boston.
- Boston?
You think you can outrun Keenan?
I think you know your da
as well as I do.
I know we'll never be free
if we keep doing what he asks.
Just nod when you've had enough.
I promise to tell yous.
Then what's he planning?
I get orders from the courier
most of the time.
Courier? What courier?
It's a woman. I don't know her name.
That's all I know.
I just make the tea.
Check it out.
Police! Armed... Police!
They've been on to us
from the start.
I'm gonna make them pay for this. Good.
But we're looking to
scale up the detachment
so take as many men as you like. get
yourself back to bandit country
and rip this thing out by the root.
What about O'Hara. sir?
He's not gonna make it.
The whole country's looking for him.
With all due respect. sir.
I'd like to finish this.
You're angry.
I can understand that.
It feels personal
because he made it personal
but this war
is bigger than you or I.
- We need you to push on.
- We can't
just let him get away with this.
- We need you to push on.
- We can't
just let him get away with this.
They're killing the lights for us.
giving us carte blanche
to do whatever's necessary.
And there's a promotion in it.
Between that and the prison ship.
I'd say that's a step up
for a man in your position.
Fuck!
Where is O'Hara?
Michael?
♪ MAX DE WARDENER: Vanitas
Car's get left here.
Where's the pick up?
Across the sand.
Gimme the keys.
- He's here.
- What?
I couldn't stop him.
We can lose him in the dunes.
O'Hara!
Come on.
I can't run away from this.
Michael.
that boat's our only chance.
No. it's your only chance.
Forgive me. Catherine.
Keenan's dead.
One day. I hope you'll understand.
Look at me.
Look at me!
Go on. then!
I'm sorry I killed her.
I killed her.
♪ THE CLARENDONIANS: Shoo Bee Doo Be
Are you just gonna stand there or
are you gonna help?
We need more gold paint.
Come here. Go on.
- Nah.
- Mm-mm.
There and back.
♪ THE SMILE: The Same
♪ We don't need to fight
Subtitles by Sky/
AccessibleCustomerService@sky.uk
♪ Look towards the light
♪ Grab it in with both hands
♪ What you know is right
♪ Somebody's falling down
♪ Somebody's telling lies
♪ Simple ass motherfuckers
♪ Make one mistake after another
♪ People in the streets
♪ Please
♪ Somebody's hearing voices
♪ Somebody's going down. down. down
♪ You're going down
♪ Going down
♪ People in the streets
♪ Please
♪ We all want the same
♪ We are all the same
♪ We all want the same ♪
AccessibleCustomerService@sky.uk